Improve docs for UUPS/transparent/beacon proxies (#497)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-upgrades: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> Note: the format of the files within the `.openzeppelin` folder is not compatible with those of the xref:cli::index.adoc[OpenZeppelin CLI]. If you want to use the Upgrades Plugins for an existing OpenZeppelin CLI project, you can xref:migrate-from-cli.adoc[migrate using the guide].

[[proxy-patterns]]
== Proxy patterns

> The plugins support the UUPS, transparent, and beacon proxy patterns. UUPS and transparent proxies are upgraded separately, whereas a number of beacon proxies can be upgraded together by upgrading the beacon that they point to. For more details on the different proxy patterns available, see the documentation for https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/proxy[Proxies].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugins support the UUPS, transparent, and beacon proxy patterns. UUPS and transparent proxies are upgraded individually, whereas any number of beacon proxies can be upgraded atomically at the same time by upgrading the beacon that they point to. For more details on the different proxy patterns available, see the documentation for https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/proxy[Proxies].
```
